morning everybody
so it's another working day and this
morning i have logged on to my computers
as usual and checked my emails
but i'm hoping to start studying today
it's the 5th of november by the way
today i had originally planned to start
taking study days
from next thursday onwards but then a
couple of days ago i found out that
december is going to be
so busy for me with client work i'm kind
of worried about it
and i don't want to be working crazy
hours working overtime
and at the moment i have study days
scheduled for
a couple of weeks in december where they
really don't need to be there
i have moved my study date forward to
today
unfortunately because i made this
decision so last minute i haven't
actually booked off
my study date officially so my calendar
is not blocked out for study day
i haven't informed team members who
might need my help that i'm planning on
taking a study day
so i need to be still checking my emails
today
and doing any quick pieces of work that
they send me
on the agenda today i have a meeting at
which is re this new project that i've
been put on
and then this morning i got into an
email
saying i need to do a few tests on a
spreadsheet my supervisor has made some
changes to it and i just need to check
that those changes are
functioning but it's not a law i don't
think it will take more than an
hour for me to do all of that and then
i'm gonna study
so i'm gonna get this work done first
and then studying
will commence
[Music]
i'm being messaged and this is not a
good sign
i think it could be more work oh
no okay so
this doesn't look like a stunning day is
going to happen one of my projects is
basically
being delivered tomorrow so i had a
feeling they might say they needed my
help
which is fine you know it's just the
saturday's not going to happen today
what
[Music]
what am i doing no i don't want to do
that
i don't want to do that
this is what i want to do backslash
i don't know why but the days i always
choose to film
work are always the most hectic ones and
i just never
expect it i just had a call giving me
instructions for
one project now i'm gonna have another
call giving me
more work to do but hopefully this work
isn't gonna be urgent because
i don't have time for it i've got to do
my other project today
[Music]
so update meeting that i was supposed to
have at 11
got cancelled because the person who i'm
having the meeting with
was busy to be fair that suits me
because suddenly i'm busy
apparently i missed a skype message
yesterday this is why i hate skype
because
skype kind of like doesn't even allow
you to access the messages if you don't
click
onto them there was some work that they
asked me to do yesterday that i didn't
ever see the message for
so i'm doing that now do you know what
i'm gonna go grab a coffee
and i'll be back
this day just keeps getting more wild
i've just had an email
saying i'm being invited to a client
call this evening
oh i've never been on a client call
before i bet they're inviting me to take
notes because basically i've been put on
this project where i'm supposed to be
note taking and
filing for quite a senior colleague
the trouble it is i am not a fast
typer i can't touch type and
if i'm taking meeting notes and whatnot
i need to need to sort that out don't i
i need to sort it out before this
evening it looks like
they're going to be talking a load of
really sophisticated things
and i'm just going to be sat there like
what the hell is going on
typing out these meeting notes that i
don't understand
[Music]
okay everyone so i've had to set out a
little bit of a game plan
because today is getting busier and
busier
by the second it is currently half 12
until one o'clock i am going to
continue on the work i'm doing at the
moment
which is prepping some files to be
delivered to a client
essentially making our excel files where
we've done all of our analysis
into a shiny product which
just has the values and not all of our
workings in it and all our comments and
all the mess of that i've got ten files
to do and i'm only on file one
so could take a while although they're
not a big job and i think i'm going to
get faster as i go through as i get used
to the process because it's essentially
repeating the same thing for all 10
files then i'm going to take
my lunch break then i'm going to get
back to prepping however many of these
files i've got remaining to prep
yeah then at five o'clock today i've got
this client meeting
five till six which isn't a very nice
time
i would ideally have liked to have been
finishing up work at about 5
30 but it is what it is perfect
ah someone just messaged saying that the
files i just worked on
are working they are all good they are
all
[Music]
amazing
here we have one egg one piece of ham
here we have toast here's lunch
i'm gonna eat and then speak to you
later
so my mum has bailed on the dog walk
although she might catch us
up so i'm out in the sun
enjoying a bit of blue sky
and so's buster
okay i had lunch now i'm back to it what
is
the latest have i been emailed while
i've been away
[Music]
i have finished prepping the files that
are
going to be sent off to the client
tomorrow i believe
they're just draft versions so they
might be tweaked before we send the
final version
next week i think but it's a client
deliverable
so hopefully they're all good someone is
going to go through and check that i
haven't made any silly mistakes when
cleaning up the files and getting them
client ready
now i'm basically returning to what i
started off doing this morning before
the day got derailed do i agree with
this
do i agree with this
i do right that's working what other
changes were made is my question
i've also just realized with this client
call this evening
they might say put your cameras on and
i don't know what's the done thing for
working from home client
meetings do i need to dress smart i'm
thinking i should put a blouse on or
something like that just in case
now i'm agreeing to another piece of
work it's the update
i think i have something wrong with me i
can't say no to people when people
say can you help me with this i'm like
yeah sure why not
[Music]
it's all just not going well i've got so
many things to sort on this file
and now it's really tricky because so
many people are working on these files
at once
that every time i try and get into a
file to edit something or pick something
someone's already in it like reviewing
it or something so i can't edit it
so now someone else is messaging me but
i'm really hoping they're messaging me
to say they don't have time to call me
because they were supposed to call me
happy to chat tomorrow morning instead
yeah it's gonna have to be tomorrow
morning because i don't have time
why is that all working they're the
wrong way round for starters
did i do that probably was me
that was stupid why is this not working
um this is actually really hurting me
inside do you know when you just get
really annoyed with spreadsheets
that is me right now why the hell is
this not working when this formula is
just
perfect why is it giving me a hash n a
why oh that's why i just can't count
everyone
thank you
[Music]
putting my lamp on because it's getting
a bit dark outside
i can't bust
i'm just going to edit links you know
[Music]
the head of our team is waiting to
deliver this blimey
i've got nine minutes until this school
where i'm supposed to be taking notes
and i need to find myself a template for
note-taking
um right what am i doing condition home
conditional formatting
where is it damn it i can't do it for
multiple sheets at once
i've got to do it sheet by sheet i can't
be late for this client meeting
i've turned into an absolute machine
here
all comments
selected run and get changed let's go go
hello everyone so i'm worried about my
meeting notes and whether they're good
enough but i think i've got to stop
being so hard on myself
i'm kind of picking up the insurance
terms they use quota share
excess of loss high severity long tail
short tail and i've set up a
file directory for the project come on
it's the final stretch of the day
saving the final well actually
technically this is another file i need
to make some tweaks too but it's not
urgent cause it's not actually going out
to the client
whereas these
[Music]
look this is me done
thank goodness thank you very much for
watching today
this video was intended to be a vlog of
my first study day
ended up not being that the vlog of my
first study day will follow next week
because
i have my first study day scheduled for
next thursday and i'm definitely taking
that because that is booked off
so it will happen but thanks for
watching guys
give it a like if you enjoyed subscribe
to my channel
follow my instagram and yeah i'll see
you soon
with another video bye
[Music]